Adds clarifications from Trey. (#1925)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: content/en/storage-provider/filecoin-economics/fil-collateral/index.md

## Types of collateral

To satisfy the multiple needs for collateral in a way that is minimally burdensome to storage providers, Filecoin includes three different collateral mechanisms: initial pledge collateral, block rewards as collateral, and storage deal provider collateral. The first is an initial commitment of Fil that a miner must provide with each sector. The second is a mechanism to reduce the initial token commitment by vesting block rewards over time. The third aligns incentives between storage provider and client, and can allow miners to differentiate themselves in the market.

For more detailed information about how collateral requirements are calculated, see the [miner collateral section in the Filecoin spec](https://spec.filecoin.io/systems/filecoin_mining/miner_collaterals/).

> When a storage provider fails to answer to the WindowsPoSt challenges within the 30 minute deadline (see [Storage Proving]({{<relref storage-proving >}})), or when you take your storage offline and thereby break the rules of the storage deal, you will get penalized against the provided collateral. This penalty is called [_slashing_]({{<relref slashing>}}) and means that a portion of the pledged collateral is forfeited to the f099 address from your locked or available rewards and your storage power is reduced. The f099 address is the address in which all burned FIL go to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a storage provider fails to answer to the WindowsPoSt challenges within the 30 minute deadline (see [Storage Proving]({{<relref storage-proving >}})), storage is taken offline, or any storage deal rules are broken, the provider is penalized against the provided collateral. This penalty is called [_slashing_]({{<relref slashing>}}) and means that a portion of the pledged collateral is forfeited to the `f099` address from your locked or available rewards and your storage power is reduced. The `f099` address is the address where all burned FIL goes.
```

Reviewer: @johnnymatthews should we use "Fil" or "FIL"?

Author: FIL.
